Hello everyone
It is Gutchii of the world rubber market
Andro This time of Pula fucking
I want out of 350 videos
Here is that former president Yuji
I put together 450 and 400 videos with me , but this time new
This is the back of the shake of 350 ah
I know that I am quite suitable , so I will make a video
so
This use racket back eyes in the foreground surface 400 of the village plaques plaques its 350
We use the extremity blue of the
This 350 recommendation user is not confident in swing speed such as junior high school student and woman
You are
And anyway soft rubber is by all means those who like to back surface
Please watch this video
Tteyuu First is not affected by the rotation of the first one opponent of the feature can speed rally
It is a place
It is 350 yen with the plague It is the best backhand pendulum
I have bought the 355 birds card also God of Masuko doing playing with the month 9 Pan
Already
I was startled without the drive line fee care of the opponent so much conscious
And try it now Block Please don't be affected by improvements even if wrapped
You can block easily You are good at backhand even without swing speed
It is a rubber that is
It is also recommended for types that continue rally
It is the second floor behind doing down behind me
It can be better and reversed by striking plaque to suddenly now to photo Rick
The only swing speed to ask shake only lightly a little shed a little light and not at all
About 350 is a school soon
People who do not have the swing speed confidence, such as junior high school students and women who will give tremendous speed
Recommended for
If you like soft rubber and you want to play without being affected by rotation
If you want to overwhelm at Speed ​​Rally, please put it on the back of 350
The second problem is that the second is the ease of use that you enter many times in the unconscious zone
is
I am doing 350 now but everything is already in place
It is back drive more and more steadily after spring It is a one- on-one shot They are rice planting early
But please try doing this as everyone else is different
It's easy and fast, almost no swing speed at all
That's swing speed of only about the shake only lightly a little shed a little lightly
350 is
We will put out tremendous speed Six more colors in a row
Especially that accidentally get doing this not have a consciousness that tries without consciousness of large
I think it is the performance required by rubber
The file you want
But with this eye 400
We doing the launch of the word live the height of the Blackthorn is a woman original repulsive force
And it's a strong strength and I'm out of the body even if the impact is weak
It is Nyoku that you wo n't beat it
If you enter 400 on the front side, it will be even more
There you'd growth is so drive to this impact is lightly shaken weak to
I 'm feeling
I had a boo but I can not go up
Have
Boo Boo was also defeated at last were here till
Since there is a plan from the one -shot summer , take some distance with this even with this plastic
like this
You can easily hit back in the drive
And this is all I tried all this It is like the unconscious awakening way already
It becomes
In succession of steadily forehand of speed drive Please look contains
From that point on, it continues that no miss party pre
It's become a state in which anything enter
I put it on the fore drive loop tightly and put it back
It is one shot 400 and 350 each compatible batch
But it is push of back early Anything without practic class special awareness
There's no speed, it's like a fore drive that drives back
Early
Drive both hands
The
Follow
It is not affected by the company , so it is a strong high-speed play against the drive Four- hand
I will go to Deuce early
It was used respectively Young-hyun and 3055 fore and back of gackt by say
Received
Recommended for people who are not confident in swing speed , such as junior high school students and women
What in entering and would like ease of use also is in the unconscious zone
Very attractive
Thank you for trying if you like
Hmm